So let's take the example of monitoring
account activity
and see how different services relate to that simple task.
Because based on some requirements
you may have different services.
So first of all
if you wanted to have the configuration history
you must enable AWS config with a configuration recorder on
and that gives you all the configuration
of all your resources over time.
Then if you look at API history
you must look into CloudTrail and CloudTrail
Event history is going to give you the API history
for the past 90 days from which you can filter
by resource name, resource type, event name
or even by IAM user
or assumed IAM role session name or access key
if you needed to.
Then using CloudWatch Logs insights
you have the ability to stream all these API calls
from CloudTrail into CloudWatch logs.
You can store them
for as long as you want in CloudWatch logs.
And thanks to Logs Insights, you can search the API history
beyond the past 90 days that the
CloudTrail console provides.
So for this, of course
make sure your trail is sending actual data
to CloudWatch logs.
And finally, you can also use Athena.
So Athena has the ability to also help you look
at API history beyond the past 90 days
but also perform more advanced queries, some statistics
some sums and so on.
So hopefully that makes sense.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.